1446 review v3 breaking changes documented on site (#1490)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/migrating-to-v3.mdx

- Deprecated props, slots, events, and methods have been removed entirely.

> - The `max-length/maxLength` prop has been removed. Instead, use the `max-characters/maxCharacters` prop and the `hide-char-count/hideCharCount` prop to hide the character count visually.

Reviewer: I feel like, instead of adding the bullet point below, the `maxLengthMessage` info could be added to this one e.g.:
```suggestion
- The `max-length/maxLength` and `max-length-message/maxLengthMessage` props have been removed. Instead, use the `max-characters/maxCharacters` prop and the `hide-char-count/hideCharCount` prop to hide the character count visually. It is not possible for the input to exceed the number of characters provided via the `max-characters/maxCharacters` prop.
```
I think the "default message has also changed" bit is technically not true because it's just that the `maxLength` functionality isn't available any more. Also, with "it's now not possible to exceed the maximum length", it's not clear that you need to enable `maxCharacters` for this - I think kind of combining the two into one bullet point maybe makes it easier to understand?

Just my opinion though, see what you think :)

Reviewer: Maybe add "... have been removed from `ic-text-field` (`IcTextField`)" as well

Author: Looks good to me, I'll update it now

> - `ic-multi-select` (`IcMultiSelect`) is no longer a standalone component. The multi-select functionality can now be achieved using the `ic-select` (`IcSelect`) component and its `multiple` prop.

Reviewer: I've noticed that this should be "ic-select-with-multi" - do you mind changing this as well?
```suggestion
- `ic-select-with-multi` (`IcSelectWithMulti`) is no longer a standalone component. The multi-select functionality can now be achieved using the `ic-select` (`IcSelect`) component and its `multiple` prop.
```
